if we put everything in order everything ready
to live by trace sports the party
of the intra show in montehermoso
to locate them geographically well
cerquita white bay 100
kilometers of white way
early we are here
trot plays defense to the right
to roger and to the left
gentlemen, gentlemen, everything is ready
Finish those of Argentina-Brazil the game
felipe bicho as for back played
they are a matienzo playing for gaudio
start if this one with your archer remember
that the goalkeeper then takes the ball with
your hand only once when you receive it
his colleagues as electric are almost
it does not end up being robert and you do not play
yuri go did not cause start they start to
playing this piano is the most
moving up plays well not only puts
but also without the ball and entered
also the bighead
to nothing
in the clash he also replaces Brazil
again with Robert and not with the chest
plays robinho because the bank
as well as in that game of 20
in 93 years that one remembered
mancuso with south of inside of argentine
yes no
taking advantage of an error of robertinho the
argentina deserved argentina river in the
marker and this is the best
this is the angle was right and
in 2 so we are going to Argentina
the rapper that we passed in front and
submitted by one go the 8 brazil went away
the 9th thirteenth went well up there
where they join for the crossbar the
The Brazilian's flight made it more
spectacular still the argentina in a
blink of an eye found a light
of 2
/ again breaks with the robertino fists
the bastard is already because Argentina
pilot
the strong bichi always mind the
strong wichi great Argentine goal scorer
sincere brain allows me to say that your
great goal because Argentina came out
taking care of the ball being neat from
the background and ended up defining the wichí
to the joy of Raquel, her mother who
came to see
robert and I was not going to come out to divide
could not master the word sail were
Argentines 3 to 0 20 already from the first
part the first love eros
today from Brazil wanted to take it out of the
trajectory of argentina
and thiago returned to the court by junior
view there is a minute requested by the body
Brazilian technical deviates at the auction
in the trajectory from behind half of
court can not turn over his
body without left to flank to set
and Brazil is little had done in this
passage is from story to the
dark as well for you the Serbian hop to
the contra is right is not looking now
does not have to return to court that is
clear marca estévez can not be and
Brazil
trot with 7
but against the high
with 7
to scrambled river gain of spending more and
collided and lazarus was scattered and as
He came with no urban crossover vamp
Argentina imports turns fourth and
there were protests on the Brazilian side by the
start and the play understood that there was
infractions but second of complement
We are in vigo contributions contributions of
montehermoso 40 indoorshow together with
rafael with the japan and the productions
with martí morals but we think
Rodriguez in the address
from Brazil alone to beat are from
dial 4-2 Brazil account and start
the second part in an error of the
Argentina in the middle of slapping with
the left handed backhand the world champion
7 other football discount for Brazil
that we can save everything with all
my prayers
when they stretch and she knows where she's going
put the lord
robertino replaces plays for brazil if not
you want to go to the arm that repeats
did
from Brazil to a goal they were put by a tie
June gave left-footed
43 in Argentina now half here ball or
chest
the comfortable and half turn of left
truth is to put it in a little boat
over there I want to also throw again
it seems marcelinho can be left
Estevez 43 in Argentina final minutes
the step of health
marcelinho
before developing to contraction
the goal of Brazil was seen coming
better caused us vinicius and the goal of
Brazil in the minute 24 to six of the final
Brazil tied 44 hours of handling beat
they are the piano continued and defined gaucho
beginnings in three streets or the Argentine one not
making bottom foot
marcelinho is born another party sir
rapporteur
to this word and it does not take off towards
in front of the domina tie 4
we found by the show
here dominates randomly or the
tatters worse
but his arm and shot to reverse for
give victory at a key moment and 82
of the end this goal of lazaro as
has not lived up to the
circumstance the rapporteur must
be saying they threw him water and you
it points out and progressives for health the
argentina up on the scoreboard
then Brazil comes out from the side
the last word ends if the pablo
marine played for now do not go
it ends but there is no strong brand
robertinho in hour Argentina 54 defeated
to Brazil
victory against Team
argentina buenos de mancuso this month
strong you chose and leandro lazaro the
Argentina returned to beat Brazil
still unbeaten the Argentine still suffered from
a part of the second and he took another
time an important advantage to beat him
again to Brazil in national territory
Hernán the pleasure of always
rediscover metropolitan tomorrow
as we said on Sunday the South American
sub-17 and already be seen libero with mobile in
I live in avellaneda with what happens with
independent sapone embrace hug
great for everyone
Thank you for bringing